[Music]
healthy digestion is essential to
overall vitality and energy I'm Lee
Holden and one of the reasons I've
designed this routine is that millions
of people have digestive problems
affecting their overall health and life
quality in modern society most of us
experience a great deal of stress on a
daily basis and many people store this
stress throughout the digestive tract
these are sample exercises from our
complete Qigong for healthy digestion
program the full routine is specifically
designed to strengthen your system to
assimilate food better create a more
efficient metabolism and achieve
increased energy with the leaner body
and better overall health
[Music]
qigong for healthy digestion helps you
discover balance and harmony within I
invite you to try the complete routine
and experience dramatic positive changes
in every aspect of your health
[Music]
this program provides Qigong techniques
for strengthening your digestion so that
you assimilate food better have a more
efficient metabolism a leaner body
increased energy and improved health so
enjoy the Magnificent scenery of Lake
Tahoe California allowing the
crystal-clear water and natural beauty
to facilitate your journey to abundant
health
[Music]